Add support for generating certificates (#7)
linux-system-roles/postgresql: README.md

```ymal
postgresql_cert_path: "/etc/pki/tls/certs"
```
### postgresql_certificates
This is a `list` of `dict` in the same format as used

>   by the `fedora.linux_system_roles.certificate` role.  Specify this variable if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the `fedora.linux_system_roles.certificate` role.  Specify this variable if
```

  you want the certificate role to generate the certificates for the logging system

>   configured by the logging role. With this example, `self-signed` certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLS for connections. With this example, `self-signed` certificate
```

>   `logging_cert.crt` is generated in `/etc/pki/tls/certs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`postgresql_cert.crt` is generated in `/etc/pki/tls/certs`.
```

  Default to `[]`.
```yaml
postgresql_certificates:

>   - name: postgresql_cert

Reviewer: Is this value the same as the value of `postgresql_cert_name`?

Author: thanks for this point, it was the same value. I've made changes in the system role to be enough to specify it only once.
